Konni and Adavi
A hill town, Konni is famous for timber trade and wild elephant training centre. This is a charming town with lush meadows and hills stands on the bank of river Achakovil. It is surrounded by clove and pepper plantations. Elephants trapped from the forest area are also tamed here. Konni with a vast expanse of lush green forests is the eco-tourism hub of Pathanamthitta district, which has a project with elephants at its nerve centre. An elephant kraal (shelter), a photo gallery, modern elephant shelters, an elephant museum, shops to sell forest produce, a children’s park, a biogas plant and a paper-making unit are part of the project, offering vivid experiences to the visitors. A picturesque forest patch, 10 km from Konni on the banks of river Kallar, Adavi has nearly 5-km river frontage. The Adavi Eco-tourism project jointly launched by the departments of Forest and Tourism is part of the third phase of Konni Eco tourism project and is just five km from Mundommoozhy on the proposed Achencovil-Chittar hill highway.

For more details of Konni Eco-tourism

A hill town, Konni is famous for timber trade and wild elephant training centre. This is a charming town with lush meadows and hills stands on the bank of river Achakovil. It is surrounded by clove and pepper plantations. Elephants trapped from the forest area are also tamed here. Konni with a vast expanse of lush green forests is the eco-tourism hub of Pathanamthitta district, which has a project with elephants at its nerve centre. An elephant kraal (shelter), a photo gallery, modern elephant shelters, an elephant museum, shops to sell forest produce, a children’s park, a biogas plant and a paper-making unit are part of the project, offering vivid experiences to the visitors.

adavi boating

A picturesque forest patch, 10 km from Konni on the banks of river Kallar, Adavi has nearly 5-km river frontage. The Adavi Eco-tourism project jointly launched by the departments of Forest and Tourism is part of the third phase of Konni Eco tourism project and is just five km from Mundommoozhy on the proposed Achencoil-Chittar hill highway.